When eyes of blind ones see again
And ears of deaf ones hear again,
When deserts blossom as the rose
And from parched ground fresh water flows,
When lame ones leap just like the hart,
When loved ones never have to part,
Such blessed times you’ll realize,
If you keep your eyes on the prize.
When tongues of mute ones speak again,
When old ones will be young again,
When earth will yield her rich increase
And all good things will never cease,
When songs of children fill the air,
When joy and peace are ev’rywhere,
Then, too, you’ll see the dead arise,
If you keep your eyes on the prize.
When wolves and lambs will feed as one,
When bears and calves bask in the sun,
A mere young boy will lead them all,
And they will heed his childish call.
When tears belong to yesterday,
When fears and pain have passed away,
You’ll see how God these things supplies,
If you keep your eyes on the prize.